c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.exe
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.deps.json
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.pdb
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.fsproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.AssemblyInfo.fs
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.fsproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharp.3C867CA9.Up2Date
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\MyFSharpApp.dll
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.pdb
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyFSharpApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\mahmu\OneDrive\Documents\Programming Language\Project 2\MyFSharpApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\MyFSharpApp.dll
